HACC:  Central Pennsylvania’s Community College		Fahringer
CPS 121 – Com Sci I					Assignment #3.1


Changes in the economy have determined that for the Fed-Ups shipping company, a surcharge will be assessed on all packages that meet certain criteria. The surcharge is a function of the characteristics of the package and the zip code to which it is sent.  

1.  The regular charges for shipping are calculated as follows:

    a. For all weights five pounds and under, the shipping cost is $10.00.

    b. For all weights over five pounds, the charge is calculated as follows:

        If length * width * height is: 
	o	greater than 5 and less than or equal to 15, the shipping cost is 12.00
	o	greater than 15 and less than or equal to 30, the shipping cost is 14.00
	o	greater than 30 and less than or equal to 45, the shipping cost is 16.00
	o	greater than 45 and less than or equal to 60, the shipping cost is 18.00
	o	greater than 60, the shipping cost is 25.00

2.  The additional charges are calculated as follows: 

	o	If the first digit of the zip code is a "4" then there is an additional surcharge of 5% on the shipping cost. 
	o	If the first digit of the zip code is a "6" then there is an additional surcharge of 7%  on the shipping cost. 
	o	For all other zip codes there is an additional surcharge of 9% on the shipping cost. 


3.  Finally:

	o	if the zip code is even, then there is an additional surcharge of 2% of the shipping cost.


Write a program that allows the user to input (in this order) the zip code, weight, length, width and height of the package then prints out the following:

	1.	The zip code and dimensions of the package
	2.	The shipping cost
	3.	The surcharge
	4.	The total shipping cost (shipping cost plus surcharge(s))

This program should be well documented (comments for the programmer and user) both internally and externally.  

For this program, you will need to use Dialog and Message Boxes, and continue to use them for all programs from this point on.
